README.md, before:

# currency-in-words

**Convert currency or similar number formats to respective words**
<br>

### Installation:
___
<br>

```javascript
npm i currency-in-words
```

### Usage:
___

```javascript
import { convert } from 'currency-in-words'

//  indian-system
const result = convert('777') // seven hundred seventy seven
//  or
const result = convert('777', { format: 'in' }) // seven hundred seventy seven

//  international-system
const result = convert('777', { format: 'intl' }) // seven hundred seventy seven
```

```javascript
console.log('777')  // seven hundred seventy seven
console.log('1022') // one thousand twenty two
console.log('1,022') // NaN
console.log('66.123') // sixty six.twelve

console.log('100000') // one lakh
console.log('100000', { format: 'int' }) // one hundred thousand
```
> *Note*
> 1. Expect ```NaN``` when ',' is present, eg: '100,000.99'
> 2. Decimals are corrected to two places

<br>

### Precision
___

```java
International system

999,999,999,999,999.99 (1 quadrillion - 1).99
nine hundred ninety nine trillion nine hundred ninety nine billion nine hundred ninety nine million nine hundred ninety nine thousand nine hundred ninety nine.ninety nine

Indian system



```

### :rocket: Hacks
___


> Some of the features are not implemented for the sake of backward compatability between versions. Hey, but you can always find a way around..

<br>
Hard time passing it as a string? cast it from the source
<br>

```javascript
const amount = 0.99
const result = convert(`${amount}`) //  zero.ninety nine
```
<br>
To eliminate commas
<br>

```javascript
const amount = '1,000.99'
const sanitized = amount.replace(/,/, '') //  1000.99
```
<br>
For some reason, if you want the decimal places not to be corrected, control it from your code
<br>

```javascript
const amount = '123.123'
const [dollars, cents] = amount.split('.')
const result = `${convert(dollars)}.${convert(cents)}` // one hundred twenty threee.one hundred twenty three
```
<br>

Commit message:

chores: error handling and misc updates

README.md, after:

# currency-in-words

**Convert currency or similar number formats to respective words**
<br>

### Installation:
___
<br>

```javascript
npm i currency-in-words
```

### Usage:
___

```javascript
import { convert } from 'currency-in-words'

//  indian-system
const result = convert('777') // seven hundred seventy seven
//  or
const result = convert('777', { format: 'in' }) // seven hundred seventy seven

//  international-system
const result = convert('777', { format: 'intl' }) // seven hundred seventy seven
```

```javascript
console.log('777')  // seven hundred seventy seven
console.log('1022') // one thousand twenty two
console.log('1,022') // NaN
console.log('66.123') // sixty six.twelve

console.log('100000') // one lakh
console.log('100000', { format: 'int' }) // one hundred thousand
```
> *Note*
> 1. Expect ```NaN``` when ',' is present, eg: '100,000.99'
> 2. Decimals are corrected to two places

<br>

### Precision
___

Supports upto 15 digits for both indian and international systems on their integer part. A RangeError will be thrown for length beyond 15.

eg: calling convert with 100,000,000,000,000 * 10 will throw an error

```java
International system:

999,999,999,999,999 (1 quadrillion - 1)

Indian system:

99,99,99,99,99,99,999 (100 crore crore - 1)

```

### :rocket: Hacks
___


> Some of the features are not implemented for the sake of backward compatability between versions. Hey, but you can always find a way around..

<br>
Hard time passing it as a string? cast it from the source
<br>

```javascript
const amount = 0.99
const result = convert(`${amount}`) //  zero.ninety nine
```
<br>
To eliminate commas
<br>

```javascript
const amount = '1,000.99'
const sanitized = amount.replace(/,/, '') //  1000.99
```
<br>
For some reason, if you want the decimal places not to be corrected, control it from your code
<br>

```javascript
const amount = '123.123'
const [dollars, cents] = amount.split('.')
const result = `${convert(dollars)}.${convert(cents)}` // one hundred twenty threee.one hundred twenty three
```
<br>
